.\" Manpage for 42sh.
.\" Contact julien.mounier@epita.fr to correct errors or typos.
.TH 42sh 1 "05 december 2017" "EPITA 42sh 0.9" "42sh man page"


.SH NAME


42sh \- EPITA posix shell interpreter


.SH SYNOPSIS


42sh [GNU long options] [options] [-c command_string | file]


.SH DESCRIPTION


42sh, also known as dish, is a work in progress POSIX shell command language
interpreter. It can execute commands, perform IO redirections and more. However,
it does not perform any expansion as of now.


.SH OPTIONS


.B Single_character options:


.PP
.B -c <command>
.RS
If this option is present, the following string will be interpreted
.RE

.B [-+]O [shopt_option]
.RS
shopt_option is one of the shell options accepted by the shopt builtin
.B (see SHOPT)
.PP
If shopt_option is present, -O sets the option and +O unsets it.
.PP
Othewise, -O prints the options accepted and their stat and +O prints in a
format that mau be reused as input
.RE

.B  Multi-character options:

.B --norc
.RS
desactivates the ressource reader
.RE

.B --ast-print
.RS
prints a dot-formatted representation of the parsed input AST
.RE

.B --token-print
.RS
prints an ascii representation of the input tokens
.RE

.B --version
.RS
prints the current version on STDOUT and exits
.RE

.B --help
.RS
print a short help message and exit
.RE


.SH SHOPT
.B ast_print
.RS
.I NOT IMPLEMENTED YET
.RE

.B dotglob
.RS
.I NOT IMPLEMENTED YET
.RE

.B expand_aliases
.RS
.I NOT IMPLEMENTED YET
.RE

.B extglob
.RS
.I NOT IMPLEMENTED YET
.RE

.B nocaseglob
.RS
.I NOT IMPLEMENTED YET
.RE

.B nullglob
.RS
.I NOT IMPLEMENTED YET
.RE

.B sourcepath
.RS
.I NOT IMPLEMENTED YET
.RE

.B xpg_echo
.RS
.I NOT IMPLEMENTED YET
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO


bash(1),


.SH BUGS


No expansion nor quote removal nor job control is performed. Thus preventing
the shell from being POSIX compliant as of today.


.SH AUTHOR


Julien 'PetitPrince' Mounier (mounie_a),
.PP
Victor 'Multun' Collod (collod_v),
.PP
Forian 'Flomonster' Amsallem (amsall_f)
